'''
This exercise will involve (and thus nicely review) the following:
  -while loops
  -if conditions
  -building up strings
  -for loops
  -problem solving (as usual!)
  
1. Write a program that that plays the following dice game:
   Two separate 6-sided dice are rolled.
    -When the numbers on the dice are 1 apart, 2 points are earned
    -When the numbers on the dice are 4 apart, 3 points are earned
    -When the numbers on the dice have a sum of 7, 1 point is lost
    -It is possible that a couple of these cases could both happen in one roll.
   This process will repeat until the numbers on the dice match each other
   (often called 'doubles').  Print the total points after each roll.

2. Modify the code so that it is in a function called 'dice_game()', and instead
   of printing it will build up a string with each roll's results.
   Each roll will add a line like the the following:  6,5: 8
   This shows each of the individual dice, then the updated total points
   The last line of the string (when 'doubles' are rolled) will look like: 3,3: DONE
   A final line will be added to the START of the string that shows the total
   points (in the form "## POINTS"), then the full results of the game below it.
   This built-up string should be RETURNED from the function.
       sample call:    results = dice_game()
                       print(results)

       might output:    8 POINTS
                        5,4: 2
                        1,5: 5
                        3,4: 6
                        2,5: 5
                        6,2: 8
                        6,6: DONE
               
   
3. Modify the function so that it takes an int argument representing how many 
   'rounds' to repeat the game to the game.  Each game's results will be built
   up in the same large string, with a blank line between rounds.
   At the end a final line will be added that includes the total number of points earned across all rounds, like this:  After 5 rounds: 34 points total
       sample call:    results = dice_game(5)
                       print(results)
'''

from random import randrange

#RECALL: to get a single random 6-sided die value:

for roll in range(0, 30):
    dice_roll = randrange(1, 7)
    print(dice_roll)